update readme (#1)
KseniyaKuzmina/xtramap-getting-started-lesson-2-create-a-vector-cartesian-map-t171499: Readme.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T171499)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# Map for WinForms - Getting Started Lesson 2 - Create a Vector Cartesian Map

> This repository contains the mapping application project that you get as a result after you go through the [Lesson 2 - Load a Vector Cartesian Map](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/17684/controls-and-libraries/map-control/getting-started/lesson-2-load-a-vector-cartesian-map) tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains the mapping application project that you get after completing [Lesson 2 - Load a Vector Cartesian Map](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/17684/controls-and-libraries/map-control/getting-started/lesson-2-load-a-vector-cartesian-map) tutorial.
```
